// Workshop: Workshop 2
// Name: Mintae Kim
// Student #: 141915181
// Course: OOP244 Summer 2019
// E-mail: mkim221@myseneca.ca

1) Why do you have to allocate new dynamic memory when you increase the size of an existing array of dynamically allocated memory?

- Dynamic memory is a method used to prevent waste of memory, which is allocated only to the size of memory allocated an initial 
allocation. And, when dynamic memory is allocated, we cannot modify the size of the memory. In order to expand the size of memory,
 we need to allocate new dynamic memory.

2) The Kingdom structure stores the name of the kingdom in an array of characters. 
At the end of the program, we do not use the delete operator to deallocate the memory occupied by the name itself. Why don¡¯t we 
need to use the delete e operator on this array itself?

- The name of the Kingdom arrangement is not allocated as a dynamic memory but as static memory. While dynamic memory can generate 
memory issues such as memory leak without deallocation, static memory features do not need to be deallocated because static memory 
is allocated at load time and can be used out of the scope of deployed variables.

3) There are two display(...) function definitions. How does the compiler know which definition to call from your main function?

- In C++, the compiler matches the type of function parameter with the same type of function called in the main function. Using 
the name of the same function does not cause problems in calling the function if the parameters are different.

4) Describe what have you have learned in this workshop.
- Through this workshop, I learned about dynamic memory allocation and deallocation. Through dynamic memory, I learned that I can 
use it efficiently without wasting memory. There was no difficulty in allocating dynamic memory, but there was difficulty in 
increasing the size of memory and copying new memory from existing memory. In particular, I spent a lot of time copying array 
elements, and I was able to learn that, in conclusion, I can make a code for copies very simple.

Quiz 1 Reflection
- I¡¯ve got full mark of this quiz (5 of 5).
